An endless day could be dull. Spending too long under an overeager sun—anyone would start to yearn for
a moon.

Even for her, that sentiment holds true.

"Eighty days of light?"
"Seven months of light?"
"A year... maybe..."

The white of the sky has once again broken through the cracks in the walls of this place she calls home,
and it seems her sleeping body had found the rays while rolling over the floor.

She grumbles, "Turn it off already..."
But still, she picks herself up.
Still, she rubs her eyes and stretches her arms.
She stands and finds the door, ready to face another "day" in the seemingly boundless world of Arcaea.

An adventure that hasn't always been a delight, and travels that haven't always led to discoveries.
Despite that, ever since she'd first awakened a tabula rasa, two things have always remained consistent:

both her heart and the sky have always been shining.

"Alright...!" she says under her breath. "Some exercise first!"

She holds out her hand before her and a section of glass flies her way.
Not memory glass—
Not "Arcaea"—
It is an ordinary, typical sheet, albeit a large one. When it spins close, she jumps onto it,
and immediately calls another.

The home she found is an old beach house on a lonely island apart from the abandoned mélange-cities
found everywhere else in the world. It's a beach without an ocean, houses scattered around its shores like
abandoned shells; and deeper inland is a field of strange, gigantic poles of white wood. The homes have been
picked apart over time, from within and without, in her tampering. Now she whisks away their walls and
windows to create a makeshift set of stairs—to make a racing track, and then a tunnel. She quickly leaps
and runs through the gleaming passage, if only to give her legs feeling.

All this took was a little acceptance. Days after awakening, it was a simple matter to make the world of Arcaea
bend to her whimsy.

But far below her, just above the sands of the phantom sea, something glints: something sparse and scattered
throughout the water.

Throwing a glance that way, she huffs a breath from her nose, and sports a weak smirk.

The glass beneath her feet bends so easily, but the peculiar glass—the Arcaea—has always been somewhat...
no, absurdly recalcitrant with her. In this world of memories, hardly any recollections will follow her,
and most can only be viewed or visited.

In an almost childish huff, the girl jumps from a crystal platform. Behind her, the structures she's made
all collapse, piece by piece. Before gravity fully takes her, she holds out her right hand, calling for the blanket
from her bed and swirling into it joyously. Then, she calls for something heavy, something soft. In a few
moments after falling, she is caught by a throne of indolence: a hefty, colorless armchair. Thus, she sits,
hanging in the skies above her home, half-gazing at tombstone horizons.
She exhales again; she's pleased, satisfied. Another successful lovely "morning" run. Still looking out to
the distance, her thoughts drift to less pleasant places: to questions about the size of this world, and what
else it might contain. Has she even seen a third of it? Even a sixteenth? It's a too-big place, and there are
too many assorted memories. As she rocks along the windless air, she lets her eyelids drop and she considers
that fact. It's some immense place; it's some old and mish-mash, jumbled place. She feels it probably can't
just be a world of wonders and oddities exclusively meant for her.

She opens her eyes to the bright sky again.

Somewhere, perhaps on the other side of the world, that sky is full of stars.
Under that sky, perhaps other girls are gazing upward and wishing for daylight.

The girl in red grips the front of the blanket wrapped around her shoulders.

Days without end mean it's always a new beginning, and no telling what a journey will hold.
"Hm, but you know..."

She mutters to herself, eased into her flying seat.

"Is there a sun up there, I wonder...?"

She squints at the heavens above, and quietly contemplates.

What makes the light so evenly spread throughout this place?

Until now, her travels have always been forward, so… Why not try upward?
A mischievous smile flashes across her face.

She stands in her chair and drops off the blanket, letting it fall toward the ground. As it drifts drown,
a wooden column launches up past it. She jumps from her chair and grabs hold of the new arrival by a short,
metal bar. With her feet planted against the column's side for security, she gives it a longer glance. It is a pillar,
she knows, used in other worlds to convey power and communications. She puts one foot down on another
bar below, and like that—with one leg and one arm free, far above the ground—she stands boldly on a broken
piece of an old world.

She gazes to the urban and suburban sprawl on the horizon one more time, and then turns her gazing upward.
She can't be sure how far flight will carry her: she knows she'll need a ladder to be safe.

The houses below, hers excepted, start breaking down even more. Panels, bed frames, armoires and windows
glide upward, and the debris she used and let collapse before is torn out of the sand. Everything begins to
amass, surely and steadily, into a defined structure. But the girl is not an architect. Her tower is ramshackle,
slowly building toward the heavens at odd, sharp, and often sudden angles.

Unfortunately, her island is not replete with usable material. After running out, she frowns halfway at her design,
feeling annoyed that it cannot even reach a kilometer into the sky.

Grumbling, she turns her eyes on the horizon again and lifts her palm toward it.
She concentrates, pulls... and nothing happens.

But that's only natural. That is of course.

As powerful and masterful as she may be, she is no god.
She drops her hand in defeat and decides it's time to renovate. Instead of a tower, a spiral set of stairs.
After an hour, and another hour, and another hour, and two more, her work is finally done and she is impressed
with the result. It still looks ridiculous, and more than a little haphazard, but this amalgamation, she is certain,
is much more sensible. She figures she deserves a pat on the back.

With the new formation complete, she wastes no time in beginning her ascent. One by one, step by step, she
rises with her armchair floating close by, ready to catch her should she fall. As the girl makes her way, she pulls
from the bottom of the stairs and sends those steps to the top. Soon after, she finds herself climbing an
ever-building, ever-breaking staircase. Through layers of fog, to the highest point.
The trip becomes a long one, during which she sometimes must have a seat or even sleep through the "night".
And, maybe after what would be four days, heaven comes within her sight. And she learns this: "heaven" is an
immense and impenetrable wall of clouds.

Her progress is halted when a step she sends from the bottom refuses to become the top, stuck on the fluff of
the air and unable to move any further up. She withdraws it and leaves it to hang beside her. And, with a
etermined gaze, she rushes her way up the final flight.

At the top, the girl fans the pieces, panes, and pillars out underneath her for more of a platform, and she lifts
her hands over her head—into the clouds. Here she finds that the white resists her touch, but still she pushes
on, standing on the toes of her boots to see through if she can.

And here, she finds, she cannot.

"Really...?" she wonders aloud.

But in her moment of despondence, something catches her eye.

Out the corner of her right: a glint. In fact, a bevy of glints, dropping from the clouds after she's gone and
disturbed them.

She looks, to find a small crowd of perhaps twenty Arcaea—perhaps even more—coming toward her.

And the girl in red realizes.

In these sunless skies of Arcaea, standing on an invented ground, she has found the first group of memories
in this world which are inextricably attuned to her.
On the air, the fragrance of incense.

Resounding, the voices of townsfolk and children.

The atmosphere, light and fresh.

Someone's cooking—baking—and she can taste the savory scents drifting outside and along the streets.

Looking up, she finds a sun hanging bright in an empty and blue sky.

This is a new world of memory, and she basks in the sensations of it, remaining still to take it all in.

It's the memory of an artisan's helper: of a girl in the middle of an errand.
What sort of artisan was the helper an aide to?
The girl with the rose-colored hair hasn't grasped those details yet. But she isn't very interested in them.
This world—

"Just look at it...!"

—it's some sort of fantasy.

Mouth agape, eyes glittering, she looks absolutely everywhere. Overhead, colored paper and fabric ties rooftop
to rooftop, evoking the image of frilled power lines. But they give the impression of a festival, as power lines
they are most definitely not. The flagstone streets, red-stone houses, and chimneys spouting black smoke tell
her this is an old-day town, or perhaps city, she stands in now.

Stalls offering curious circle- and sun-shaped necklaces, talismans, and rings of charms dot the walkway,
beside other stalls selling figures of creatures she's seen before in libraries of other memories. The townsfolk
dress, she thinks, a bit similar to her: as if a parade is on, but not one too bombastic. It's a colorful world,
favoring the warmer colors of the spectrum, though splashes of azure decoration arrest the eye here and there.
As the girl starts to wander, she finds performances too, and troubadours teaching, warning, and entertaining
whomever might listen.

She spends some time during her wandering on samples of confections. More than some time, in fact:
as much time as she can without drawing suspicion. And as she wanders and samples, one brilliant red morsel
strikes her eye, and her heart, very much in particular. A strawberry tart, it's called.

She gets her hands on it with the apprentice's coin, takes a bite through its glaze, and with that she is certain of
this shining truth: this place is very lovely. It's incredibly nice! A fantastical world, and one with a notable
appreciation for the more sugary delights of life.

She finds herself particularly happy about this world of memory. Feeling zealous, she quickens the pace of
her steps, leaping forward, gasping, and spinning on her toes or heel as she turns each and every corner.

She must be careful not to run. She thinks, she really must observe every little part of this town closely.
Reading signs posted outside of square buildings, she learns that this is a spiritual place. It's a land that believes
in fairies and spirits; in gods, daemons, and youkai. The performers she sees are performing the "fantastic",
the "strange", the "impossible". Indeed, every one of them is absolutely certain that what they are performing
is magic: "casting spells" by igniting vibrant powders in their hands to flame, smoke, and clouds; "divining fates"
by speaking toward still pools of water and interpreting the ripples within; "communing with other beings",
they say, by manipulating lights before her eyes in a way she can't actually determine the mechanics of
in a glance.

This world is rich and full of belief: it is marvelous, wondrous, and all an unmistakable act.

While strolling down the quaint avenues, the memory itself slowly informs her that every part of this place is
truly performance, artificial, untruth. Deeply valued tradition, but absolutely not truth.
Yet when she reaches the city's outer limits (and the memory's, with any attempts to cross a small barrier
met with resistant reality)—when she gazes out to the verdant hills beyond the low and easy wood fence that
has stopped her; to the few but imposing old oak trees, and the clear sparkle of some distant lake... she
understands, somehow, why one might believe in something even with sound evidence to the contrary.
She herself comes from a strange world of flying glass; why deny the belief that a world like this could be
inhabited by trickster fairies? Why reject the idea of things surpassing nature and logic?

This is the memory of an artisan's helper, and the artisan is a so-called sorcerer who researches the existence of
fantastical things. As the help, the girl she is living through has long known that all his research leads to dead
ends. The purpose, she speculates, is not to really prove anything. It is to embolden one's beliefs and be better
for it.

Now the girl in red puffs a joking breath and smiles wistfully. That's a funny idea. With her hand on a post and
wind flowing through her hair, she spots what she knows to be an ancient forest west from here. This is the
memory of completing a simple errand, and perhaps that's why she is unable to travel too far.

But she's sure she will be back in another memory. She thinks this land of artifice, magic, and show very much
suits her, and that crowd of glass she'd come across at the top of the world of Arcaea reflected more facets of
the world than this within its other fragments. With a giddy feeling, she grips at the front of her dress.

It's truly incredible. The smile on her face starts to wriggle anxiously. Somehow, she has never felt exhilaration
quite like this before.
Twenty times? More? She's stopped keeping count.

"Al...right..."

With that whisper under her breath, she crouches in front on a chest made of unfinished wood, swiping her palm
across the top. A wave of dust rises off of it and falls to the floor. She unclasps the front and opens it up.

Today she is an archivist, exploring one of the old castles in the North, where they had lost land to flooding.
Thankfully, the papers inside this chest were spared from moisture by the chest itself. Hearing the creak of
ancient hinges, her partner calls from another room inquiring about her discovery. "Scrolls from the fourth
era," she answers over her shoulder. She takes one of them and unfurls it, revealing the history of her people's
dealings with the Unseelie.
Stories like these amuse her, especially as she tries to guess at what the previous generations might have
confused for fairies and the like in the past. Yesterday, while working as a storyteller, she had the pleasure of
recounting an old passed-down yarn of the teller's ancestors. Some forefather had once gathered a vast
treasure on a faraway shore. On the return across the lake a sylph rocked his boat with wind, and a passing
naiad capsized it with waves. Afterward, the two shared his fallen wealth. It was quite an excuse for a bout of
clumsiness.

But still, she knows it proves nice to think these creatures are around, malevolent and benevolent both.
When her day as an archivist is done and she's returned to the world of Arcaea to rest on the platform which is
now her temporary base camp, she visits the memory of a school instructor and teaches lessons and rules that
would keep any child or adult safe in a world replete with chaotic nature, sudden perils, and careless people.

The context of magic makes these lessons very interesting to impart and to hear. It really is just a joyous and
fascinating place, and she cannot stop visiting. Its people, whose faces become increasingly familiar between
each shard of Arcaea; its places which become engraved in her own memory throughout others; the sounds
and the sights, everything—

It's marvelous, and nostalgic.

When she's been to every other memory she could find in Heaven, when she's explored (as far as she knows)
every part of the land, she at last comes to a bustling, rambunctious festival day—or rather, a night celebration.
It is to give thanks to the gods of birth and harvest, and to dissuade darker spirits.

She spots the townsfolk named Lancaster and Shia, two gentlemen architects, and they've gotten on in years
from the last memory she met them. But they greet her with vigor and treat her to a candied apple, which
makes her happier than anything else. They point to the sky. It lights up in a show of a thousand brilliant colors.
To those gods. To life, and living it.

However, seeing such a wonderful thing… it doesn't strike her. Her heart does not swell; not with wistfulness,
nor the joy of new experience.

She remembers this. She knows why everyone is here.

So, on this final night in these familiar memories, she witnesses the firework sky entirely satisfied.
With tears in her eyes, and a spot of pain in her heart, she finds herself entirely content.
The memories were heartening; they were comforting. She'd spent months within them, and at times, she
would think, "I never want to leave." Still, she knew they had an ending, and she didn't want to see it.

Besides, the future cannot be found within memories.

She returned to the world of white knowing she may never visit those days again. Days gone are just that:
stories told and over, lives and loves finished.

She doesn't regret it. As she slowly descends to the surface, looking up to the clouds that had once called her
there, she knows every moment, every second spent in those memories was worth everything. It's like a
question she never asked has been answered, and so her heart is full.
The sky seems to be falling around her, all the pieces of her temporary home dropping faster or slower
around her, and in her chest, she feels a twinge of emotion.

Thus, the sky, the true sky above, begins to part.

Standing on a window platform, her hair whipping up past her face, she sees the glittering glass above is
standing still, and behind the pieces, a new night sky is entering her sight. One she's never seen before.
The clouds scatter and drop, disappear and dash away, as a sparkling void of shadows takes their place.
This velvet plane, reaching far and darkening, before a deep lavender wave of color spreads out over it,
swaying, glowing. The stars are out. The day is over.

Her heart aches.

She whispers a name, this name for the last time, and she wipes her eyes with the back of her hand.

Her glass breaks through the final thin layer of clouds. The complex, graying landscape reveals itself, to its
farthest reaches.

She smiles...

She smiles!

This is her new life! She holds out her hand, knowing that someday, somewhere beyond that horizon, she will
find others who will take it. Someday, these hands will do something great.

Until then, she will look ahead.

Living in the present—in Arcaea.
